---
layout: docs
title:  "Monetize"
categories: monetize advertiser integration
permalink: monetize
---
### How do I gain revenues from the network

When Bob, one of your customer, **finalizes an order on your e-shop**, you send him offers from other companies in our network, gaining two benefits:

1. you **please Bob** with interesting offers (coupons, discounts) on other shops
2. every time a **lead** is generated (i.e. Bob clicks on the ad and lands on the advertising site for the first time) you **gain money**

In addition, if you are also an [**advertiser**](/engage), you can reinvest this money for your very own lead generation program, thus practically auto-financing it.

### How does it technically work

In order to do that, you must **send Bob a transactional email with the offers** immediately after he orders (actually, you **notify us** of the order and we send Bob the mail posing as you).

> If your shop is based on **WooCommerce**, **PrestaShop** or **Magento** we can provide ready-made integration plugins that will install with no effort and can be fully configured on your backend with virtually no technical involvement.

For all other scenarios, the same is possible with our simple **code integration snippets**, as explained below.

### What do I need to do (technical details)

You must ensure that anytime the user finalizes an order - it usually happens on the **order confirmation page** - your system communicates the details with ours.
This happens by integrating an **call to our API service**.

> This communication **should not be delayed**. We have ample evidence that the customer is much more likely to open the transactional email if he/she receives it with the order confirmation mail.  
> If you delay the API call for some reason (f. ex. to do it in bulk calls at a certain point of the night), the open rate decreases dramatically, thus hindering any effectiveness of the network.

The integration details **heavily depend upon your CMS/implementation and your server's language**. [Click here for all the technical details and instruction.](/mail-touchpoints)