---
layout: docs
title:  "Glossary"
permalink: glossary
lang: en
---
#### API

- stands for Application Program Interface (API); a Web API generally has a main URL and exposes a set of *endpoints* (think of them as sub-URLs) that allow an external user (in our case, your shop) to interact with an online services (in our case, {{ site.brand }}).

#### CMS

- A Content Management System (CMS) is basically a blueprint for a website that is not developed from scratch, but pre-built from a third party and easily expandable (also by non-techies); they feature most commonly an administrative backend, pre-made graphic templates and pluggable add-ons and modules.  
    If you happen to use *Wordpress*, *Magento*, *PrestaShop*, *Shopify*, *OpenCart* and so on, it means your shop uses a CMS.

#### Conversion

- A conversion is generated when an action (in our case, the generation of a lead) results in the placement of an actual order on a shop, immediately or after the customer becomes acquainted with the shop. 
- A **direct conversion** happens when we can directly track a conversion as resulting from a lead.

#### Lead

- A lead is *generated* for a shop the first time a customer lands on the shop by clicking on an ad. **Lead generation** is the process that generate leads and is the core business of {{ site.brand }}.

#### Snippet

- A piece of code that you must integrate in your website.
- Some snippets must be copied *verbatim*, others must be modified and integrated with dynamic data produced by your website. It's always best to check with a developer what you need to do.

#### Touchpoint

- A touchpoint is any mean of interaction between the shop and the customer (like call centers, ads, transactional e-mails).

#### Transactional e-mail

- Anytime a mail is sent as a result of a *transaction* it is called *transactional*.