---
layout: docs
title:  "Engage more customers"
permalink: engage
lang: en
---
### How do I engage new customers

With a few steps you can create an **advertising campaign** and we **distribute it on the network**. The customers of the other shops will receive your offers, and they will redeem them on your site. 
This allows you to gain interested and qualified **leads** with an higher conversion rate than other customer acquisition systems.

We can also track [**conversions**](/conversions-tracking) generated by {{ site.brand }}'s campaigns.

In addition, if you choose to be also a [**publisher**](/monetize), you can also **gain money** and, if you want, reinvest your revenue into your own campaign, thereby reducing the acquisition costs.

### How does it work

> If your shop is based on **WooCommerce** or **PrestaShop** we can provide ready-made integration plugins that will install with no effort and can be fully configured on your backend with virtually no technical involvement.

In all the other cases, all you have to do is include a simple **JavaScript (client-side) code snippet** on **any page** of your website, as explained below.

The script will track the incoming customers and will show the popup needed to redeem the offer.

[Another script](/conversions-tracking) is needed to **track direct conversions**.

### What do I need to do (techical details)

You must ensure that your website displays this snippet in *any* of its pages' HTML code, just before the closing `</body>` tag.

> **IMPORTANT!** This snippet is **required** to enable <a href="/conversions-tracking">conversion tracking</a> and double opt-in.

In order to do this, check with your web developer whether you must modify a template of your CMS or integrate it manually in your code.

> This particular snippet can be copied *as-is*.

{% include engage_snip.md %}